Jim Holley Supercross live on Supercross
online.com here at the track lock here
with Malcolm Stewart Malcolm I got to
ask you last weekend in that heat race I
mean phenomenally fast in the whoops I
mean I always talk about you know with
Kevin I said you know what the best time
to be on the track is that first heat
race because that track is just perfect
yeah and now the track has definitely
met it was a little slick because they
they kind of pushed everything back on
that for whatever the track got really
deteriorate for practice so they put all
that loose stuff into some of the
corners so slow down a little bit but
the wolfes was perfect I ever met and I
just gave it a handful tried the best I
can the heat race is really good and
then we had like a little bit of
troubles in the main event unfortunately
I went down to three times so but
overall I felt like that whole day I
rode better and and now I mean I got my
confidence back up to where I feel like
I definitely have the speed for sure so
that's definitely I know I can do it now
you mentioned that confidence in Kevin
and I you know Kevin to mention me hey
Mookie man he looks different today I
mean he is with one with that motorcycle
even in practice yeah definitely like I
said that the whole day I just felt like
really really good I mean my lap times
are like you know far like I finally
like you know up on the board and stuff
like that so I was definitely more of a
prince you know that last weekend and
then the other weekends so I feel really
good and just I think I just got the
right set up my bike now and I just got
to put it all together
you know that's the only thing I'm
slacking so a podium here tonight in
Houston for Malcolm Stewart definitely
need a podium for sure I said I'm
feeling good and I just need to stay off
the ground and I know I can do it all
right for the people watching this video
Mookie your nickname how did that come
about Mookie the nickname I don't say I
don't even know where it came so just
somebody called me Mookie and I remember
just grabbing up Mookie from the amateur
days and then somebody threw the fever
at the end and then I just started
running a fever so I'm not really sure
how it came about but I guess I'm the
Mookie fever